export data with localstack endpoints (#1)
localstack/amplify-localstack: README.md

> # Amplify Localstack Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Amplify LocalStack Plugin
```

**Amplify** Plugin to support running against (LocalStack)[https://github.com/localstack/localstack]

> This plugin allows the amplify cli tool to create resources into your local machine. Any requests to AWS is redirected to a runnning LocalStack instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin allows the amplify CLI tool to create resources directly on your local machine. Any request to AWS is redirected to a running LocalStack instance.
```
